
Privacy Policy:

This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes in a simple,
transparent and objective which data and information will be obtained from the Holder (“Data”),
as well as how this Data is used and protected.

The principles of suitability, purpose, free access, non-discrimination,
need, prevention, data quality, security, transparency, consent, and all
other principles defined in applicable legislation.

Flemis reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time, without prior notice to the Owner.
It will be up to the Holder to reread this Policy, in case of any modification, according to the update date indicated at the end of this document.

1. Data Collected:

Flemis obtains Data automatically from the user, through the use of "cookies" and other similar technologies, in order to guarantee
the best user experience, as well as for statistical analysis of trends, administration of the application,
tracking user behavior in the app and the like.

2. Data Security:

Flemis processes and stores the Holder's Data provided or collected in a secure manner, through the adoption of technical security practices and measures,
administrative and organizational, all suitable for its full protection, according to criteria defined by the best market standards and applicable legislation.

Data security aims to protect the Data against accidental or unlawful situations of destruction, loss, alteration, communication or any form of treatment
inappropriate or unlawful, as well as discriminatory processing of information.

3. Terms of Use:

In order to be able to freely use the contents and services offered by the App, the user must carefully read and expressly agree with the content set forth herein;
The App offers its services to users free of charge, except for some services offered by the App, which may be charged in accordance with the provisions of the Specific Terms;

4. Specific Terms:

It is not allowed to publish content of low modesty, if the user comes to carry out such action, he will suffer penalties according to the law.
